---

title: "Learning Report for Module Number 11"
date: 2020-11-01
draft: false
---

# This week in ICT 302
- I can identify and define key concepts in (web) content management.
I used the stakeholders in my ICT introduction to databases class which is really cool because databases are hard but prior knowledge on how they work made it a little bit easier thanks
to the markup we've learned here as well as the PHP that goes along with web design.

 - I can describe and compare content management systems.

THis week in my ICT 418 class I learned about content management systems in command line through LINUX and although it wasn't as straight forward and visual as what we have on wordpress
pr github it was still really cool to see how much control you really have from like small things such as being able to see a users browser information and IP but also big things
like being able to create your own home server using command line.

- I can manage content using established workflows.

My group continues to work extremly well together and as my group project in ICT 301 begins to heat up I've converted the things we do in this class to that which has made a big difference.


 - I can identify and employ technologies related to content management.

Back to my ICT 418 class, Learning how to create websites in linux command line was really interesting that's the last thing I expected that to be useful for. I think that 
the way post are categorized in linux is similar to github which is cool but can cause problems as my index.php in one directory clashes with my index.php in another which causes
problems but makes me more thankful for github. As I did more work in it I slowly realised that github webdesign is almost just a visual version of linux
 
 - I can find and use resources for self-directed learning.
 
 I had to use the fedora forums alot as well as in this class I had to use reddit for smart home stuff as i researched if there was any reoccuring problems with it.
 
 # Omeka
 
 Omeka seems to be much like a more profesional site builder. In the things I've seen it seems to be mostly political and activism groups that use it to make sites.
 
 https://omeka.org/classic/showcase/
