---

title: "Learning Report for Module Number 12"
date: 2020-11-15
draft: false
---

# This week in ICT 302
- I can identify and define key concepts in (web) content management.
I learned more about widgets but more specifically how to create menus in wordpress. I also learned how to define new marketing techniques in content creation.

 - I can describe and compare content management systems.

In my class of databases I learned what it feels like to truly suffer/code in SQL. I have a new found appreciation for the automatic stuff that wordpress does.

- I can manage content using established workflows.

We worked how we normally do but this week I was admin for the first time and we've been using admin as like a team leader role so this week I had to somewhat lead the team so I
learned how to manage a workflow instead of just following a workflow


 - I can identify and employ technologies related to content management.

Again I learned what it's like to suffer so now I can create tremendously better databases as well as how to create tables and connect to suffer, I mean servers lol.


 - I can find and use resources for self-directed learning.
 
I found new youtubers who create content management and creation guides to help you get better exopsure as well as create better videos, websites, and visuals for your content.


# Extra Project Wordpress plug-ins

My group created a Menu and we created a menu to link to all of our post at the time on wordpress. This simplifies searching for our post.
