---

title: "Learning Report for Module Number 14"
date: 2020-11-23
draft: false
---

# This week in ICT 302
- I can identify and define key concepts in (web) content management.

I learned more about making money through content creation. This knowledge can be valuable if I ever grow a big enough following to make it a career.
 - I can describe and compare content management systems.

I officially joined a new app entitled "Braille Skateboarding" which has been designed as a Instagram like-app but exclusively for skaters and upon downloading you're admitted into the "Braille Army"
which until now has been invite only. I was a tester for it for the last few months by invite through my friend Ricky and even though it's not a traditional CMS like say wordpress
or Hugo I think as a source of quick flash content that it will be able to compete with social media based CMS. In more class based content I find that wordpress is more team friendly than
hugo is because of the permissions and roles you can assign to formulate a linear team effort instead of a cluster of "seek and you shall find" method that it would be with Hugo
since all the code would be mixed in with the text which could be confusing if we were a working team and not just a group of coders who understand how this works.

- I can manage content using established workflows.

We discussed this week about the workflow issue of the french company that accidentally shipped out so many death articles out and because of that I was curious and looked up other
instances and had a new found love for the workflows we partake in class. I saw a japanese news company whose workflow was just yelling across the room at each other and had no 
real direction. I'm glad my team uses groupme and makes decisions together and creates content in a timely and civilized manner.


 - I can identify and employ technologies related to content management.

we explored ways to make money while creating content such as ads and affiliate links and I explored how you can get sponsors for your content regardless of following size.

 - I can find and use resources for self-directed learning.
 
I found a new reddit page that allowed me to learn deeper into CMS from profesionals working in the industry. It provided a valuble insight into how workflow is split up.

# Extra Project Wordpress permissions

My group explored the permissions and discussed what would be best per role in the wordpress site if we were profesionals working on a Job. Wordpress makes it easy to set
permissions per role to create a strong workflow.
