---

title: "Learning Report for Module Number 16"
date: 2020-12-04
draft: false
---

# This week in ICT 302
- I can identify and define key concepts in (web) content management.
 
At the start of the semaster I thought I knew what CMS was and although I did know it to a competent degree but not to the deeper level that I know now. I now know the rolls
of content management as well as the upstanding work it takes to manage it adaquetly. I've also learned how to make money and market myself using CMS. I learned the correct terms for every form of job and definition in the field thanks to Barker and many others who were big influential figures in content management systems.
 
 - I can describe and compare content management systems.

Though the semaster we learned HUGO and wordpress. At first I hated Hugo because of a lack of control but I grew to love it because the more we used Wordpress the more I noticed the true
lack of control that you have over wordpress. I've learned many of their strong suits and their failures such as wordpress working better with teams or Hugo working better with custimazation.
They both get the job done but both have differnt ways of doing it. I think as my opionion changed I prefer Hugo. I love having control over my work and how i do things but this made it quite difficult with wordpress not allowing the majority of HTML and CSS inside the post which I guess is okay since it's meant for vlogging but I would had prefered to have more control over each page. much more control than HUGO and wordpress allows me would be ideal but it's okay I guess that they are limited since it's not meant to be a full CMS and instead just a blog site. I also learned a ton of golang when I was trying to figure out how Hugo works which was very beneficial especially incase I ever try to work for google in the future who created the language. 

- I can manage content using established workflows.

I never used workflows before, I would just get an assignment and stay awake 24 hours to finish it by "throwing darts until they stick" after using them I dont think I could go without
them as they've made my workflow both solo and with a team so much easier. I've learned to use teams and groupme for workflows which is argubaly better than teams as its more organized but lacks the features neccesary. I've even watched videos on how workflow is used in the profesinal world and it all helped me alot to get a better understanding of the world around us and how big tech uses it to keep things working in order and creating next gen upgrades to the sites, video games, and every other form of programming there is out there in the wide world.

 - I can identify and employ technologies related to content management.

I learned alot about using terminals to get work done as well as outside stuff such as how linux can be used to create basic server side CMS. I used that to store a bunch of code and notes so that I dont have to constantly refer back to the same pages on W3 when I learn something new. I also learned how to fully create my own forms of programs that can simplify coding for me such as holding a key combination to create an auto predict like method per language like for example in MySQL it can type mysqli_ and get a ton of options of code that begins with that which can range in the hundreds and it helps ensure that my code isnt broken and has all the required pieces to ensure that it works. 
 
 - I can find and use resources for self-directed learning.
 I found so many youtubers and online forums that had information regarding CMS languages like HTML, CSS, PHP, and even MySQL which are all really useful to know and will help me in the future when it comes to finding jobs and more. I even found help in the weirdest of places like a twitter "threadcher" of someone teaching how to do wordpress plug ins but in one long twitter thread which was pretty cool. I've also bought several books to help me learn things better in programming as well as prepare for certifications to come such as comptia++. All the self directed learning things I've found has helped my semaster across all my classes. 
